docs: move AWS DR guide to dedicated subpage (#8893)
mattermost/docs: source/deployment-guide/backup-disaster-recovery.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Single Sign-on with Mattermost Enterprise Edition, an outage to your SSO provider can cause a partial outage on your Mattermost instance.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Most people can still log in.** By default, when a user logs in to Mattermost they receive a session token lasting 30 days (the duration can be configured in the System Console). During an SSO outage, users with valid session tokens can continue using Mattermost uninterrupted.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once IT is contacted about an SSO outage, they can temporarily change a user's account from SSO to email-password using the System Console, and the end user can use their email and password to claim the account until the SSO outage is over and the account can be converted back to SSO.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Back up files stored by your users with one of the following options: 
```

> In each case, the user cannot reach the SSO provider, and cannot log in. In this case, there are several potential mitigations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In each case, the user cannot reach the SSO provider, and cannot log in. In either case, several mitigations are available:
```
